Update the resetting and snapshotting node guide in lisk docs (#1783)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/run-blockchain/blockchain-reset.adoc

:toc:

TIP: It is recommended to perform a backup/snapshot before resetting the blockchain.
The backup can then be used to restore the blockchain.

== Database locations

The data of a blockchain application is stored in the following key-value stores:

blockchain.db::
Stores blocks, transactions, and states.
node.db::
Stores peer data, or data unique to each node.
// forger.db::
generator.db::
Stores generators data which is unique to each validator.
Important for enabling block generation.
legacy.db::
Used to store legacy blocks and transactions which are used to verify/provide legacy blocks to the network.
module.db::
This is used by the modules to store off-chain data.
Currently, only the random module is used to store `seedReveals`.
state.db::
This stores on-chain data, specifically, the state of each module with the state Merkle tree.

All databases are located under `~/.lisk/BAPP-NAME/data/`

If plugins are registered in the application, they will have a separate key-value store for each plugin for the plugin-specific off-chain data under `~/.lisk/BAPP-NAME/plugins/data/`.

== Creating snapshots of the blockchain

> To export the blockchain data of an application, run the following command:

Reviewer: **Line 40** should be 
```
$ ./bin/run blockchain:export
```

Author: Well spotted! 👍

= Resetting and snapshotting the blockchain
christopher braithwaite <christopher.braithwaite@lightcurve.io>
:toc:
:docs_sdk: v6@lisk-sdk::

:url_client_cli: {docs_sdk}client-cli.adoc#blockchainimport
:url_client_cli_export: {docs_sdk}client-cli.adoc#blockchainexport

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:url_client_cli_reset: {docs_sdk}client-cli.adoc#blockchainreset
```

[source,bash]
----
$ ./bin/run blockchain:export
----

In order to view the command reference, this can be found here on the xref:{url_client_cli_export}[Client CLI] page.

== Resetting the blockchain

.This will remove all existing on-chain data of the blockchain application!
[CAUTION]
Please note that the blockchain height will be reset back to 1 again the next time the application is started, and all existing accounts will be deleted. In addition, the genesis accounts will be reset to the state defined in the respective genesis block.

To reset the blockchain data of an application, it is therefore  only necessary to reset the `blockchain.db`.

This can be achieved by using the `blockchain:reset` command of the application CLI.

NOTE: Before using the command, ensure the application is stopped and is not running anymore.

[source,bash]
----
bin/run blockchain:reset
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the `blockchain:reset` command, see the xref:{url_client_cli_reset}[Client CLI] page.
```

[source,bash]
----
$ ./bin/run blockchain:export
----

> In order to view the `blockchain:export` command reference, check out the xref:{url_client_cli_export}[Client CLI] page.

Reviewer 2: I am not able to access any link here, can you re-verify!

Author: As discussed, now resolved.

== Resetting the blockchain

.This will remove all existing on-chain data of the blockchain application!
[CAUTION]
Please note that the blockchain height will be reset back to 1 again the next time the application is started, and all existing accounts will be deleted.
In addition, the genesis accounts will be reset to the state defined in the respective genesis block.

To reset the blockchain data of an application, it is therefore  only necessary to reset the `blockchain.db`.

This can be achieved by using the `blockchain:reset` command of the client CLI.

> NOTE: Before using the command, ensure the application is stopped and is not running anymore.

Reviewer 2: Just a suggestion
```suggestion
NOTE: Before using the command, please make sure that the application is stopped and is not running anymore.
```

Author: As discussed, now updated accordingly.

>   blockchain:export --data-path ./data --output ./my/path/

Reviewer: The command reference mentioned in lines 45-62 is redundant. To avoid redundancy and ease content management, please replace the aforementioned text with a sentence that links to the reference of [blockchain:export](https://liskhq.github.io/lisk-docs/lisk-sdk/v6/client-cli.html#blockchainexport).

Author: OK, it is now done.

----

== Resetting the blockchain

.This will remove all existing on-chain data of the blockchain application!
[CAUTION]
Please note that the blockchain height will be reset back to 1 again the next time the application is started, and all existing accounts will be deleted. In addition, the genesis accounts will be reset to the state defined in the respective genesis block.

To reset the blockchain data of an application, it is therefore  only necessary to reset the `blockchain.db`.

This can be achieved by using the `blockchain:reset` command of the application CLI.

NOTE: Before using the command, ensure the application is stopped and is not running anymore.

[source,bash]
----
bin/run blockchain:reset
----

== Importing a snapshot

> To import a snapshot of blockchain data, run the following command:

Reviewer: Line 89 should be
```
./bin/run blockchain:import /Users/xyz/blockchain.db.tar.gz
```

[source,bash]
----

> ./bin/run blockchain:import blockchain.db.tar.gz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ./bin/run blockchain:import blockchain.db.tar.gz
```

----

A command reference can be viewed by adding the `--help` parameter:

> In order to view the command reference, this can be found here on the xref:{url_client_cli}[Client CLI] page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to view the `blockchain:import` command reference, check out the xref:{url_client_cli}[Client CLI] page.
```

  blockchain:import ./path/to/blockchain.db.tar.gz
  blockchain:import ./path/to/blockchain.db.tar.gz --data-path ./lisk/
  blockchain:import ./path/to/blockchain.db.tar.gz --data-path ./lisk/ --force

> ----

Reviewer: The command reference mentioned in lines 94-115 is redundant. To avoid redundancy and ease content management, please replace the aforementioned text with a sentence that links to the reference of [blockchain:import](https://liskhq.github.io/lisk-docs/lisk-sdk/v6/client-cli.html#blockchainimport).
